I'm okay.
Shaw's been here a week
and he's still refusing to eat.
It will become a problem soon.
You are wasting away. You must eat.
You are very kind.
I am sorry.
Whatever for?
What's going on?
Security!
Anyone understand English?
Ms. Matsumoto...
Dr. Randa.
I came to offer my apologies for today.
It looks worse than it is.
In some ways. Shaw is my responsibility.
I have no excuse for allowing
such a thing to happen to you.
Shaw was
terrified.
alone.
and in a lot of pain.
Lonely. scared people in pain
can do terrible things.
Thank you.
Are you going to talk to him?
He's my responsibility. I think I have to.
But you don't want to talk to him.
Why?
When I was a boy.
he and my father and my mother promised me
that they'd come back.
I waited and waited.
but they didn't return.
I mourned them and moved on.
Dr. Randa...
it would seem like Shaw
has kept his promise.
Go slow.
Be careful.
I'm fine.
Good. good. good...
Sit down.
I'm fine!
Let me move the table. Just a moment.
- Elevate your leg--
- Mom!
When you're able to move better
maybe you can call the office--
I don't want my old job back.
Kentaro--
Don't.
If it wasn't the right job.
you can find another--
I don't want to talk about work.
What do you want to do?
I should be with Cate.
Why would you say such a horrible thing?
I wanted to stop them.
I should have saved them.
I should have been with them.
I should have done whatever I could.
How can they expect me to go back
to the way things were?
No one expects that. Kentaro.
After that much loss...
...such grief and pain and despair...
...going back is not possible.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault. Mom.
I meant...
...I'm sorry that you have to
feel this at all.
But Kentaro...
You must let yourself feel it.
I don't know what to do.
Yes. you do.
But that woman said--
When have you ever done
what you've been told?
Yeah. you're right.
Well. look who it is.
Back from the dead again?
How are you?
I just came back to Tokyo.
I haven't had time
to reach out to your mother--
More important things to do than to check
that we made it out of the desert alive?
We understand.
What are you doing here?
I was just leaving.
You?
Trying to continue my work.
Something went wrong in the desert.
and I need to know why.
Which will be considerably more difficult
if you avail yourself of my files.
How did you even get in here?
I got the keys from Cate.
What were you two doing
out there in the desert?
How did you find out I was there--
We were looking for you. Dad.
We thought you were dead.
I suppose I have a lot to explain
to you both.
How would you even start?
Kentaro...
...you were never meant
to know about her.
About that part of my life.
Too late.
What do you hope to accomplish with those?
I want my own answers.
And Monarch won't help anymore.
so I have to figure it out on my own.
It's no wonder you're angry.
I know I've hurt you both.
But...
...what you're looking for
is not in there.
If I could just talk to you
and your sister. I could--
I said it's too late for that!
What is too late?!
Cate died. Dad.
That can't be true.
You're saying that to hurt me.
I hurt you. you're trying to hurt me back.
Please tell me it's not--
What have I done?
If you weren't
a sad. lying. secret little man
who kept running away from her.
Cate never would've
come barging into my life!
This is your fault!